Love2d discord:

ok, finally in the game now. i like how the goodies pulsate in sync with the beat.
oof, what have i gotten myself into here. am i still too groggy? generally too clumsy? is this the dark souls of one-button games?
suggestion: when you boop your head and it retracts, it would help to see an indication of to where it's retracting, so i can ready myself for when it resumes going forward. an audio cue for this would also be nice, some sort of count-down. there could be a similar audio cue on “level starting in 2 …”
i just realised that i'm getting a really poor frame-rate, which makes it more difficult. also it looks like there's one segment added to the snake each frame, rather than a fixed number per second? this makes lag spikes a bit worse.
hehe, when i improved performance by exiting full-screen mode, i finally finished level 1 on the first try. but unfortunately i'm on an absolute potato and as soon as there are more sprites, the frame rate bogs down again, my CPU is maxed out.
hmm … how about this: i stop for now, but i volunteer for testing on ancient Mac potato when you make a .love version :)



@larry Wow, I really love this. It definitely takes some time to learn, and I could use a few early levels that would be easier to win than the current level #1. As it is, I won the first level only about ten minutes in, and it would feel more welcoming to be rewarded a bit earlier. However, the concept is so fresh and solid that it kept me attracted through the struggle nevertheless :lovewhale: I actually really like the aesthetics, too, and by that I mean the whole package with the music and sounds. A few other random thoughts: 1/ I would like the restart to be quicker; everytime that I had to wait the three seconds, I wanted to just press something and start immediately. 2/ I did figure out the mechanics eventually, but it would be nice to explain them explicitely somewhere, even if only on the itch page. 3/ I was wondering how the controls would feel if you didn't have to hold the button down to change direction. Did you try playing with a click/tap just switching the direction instantly, and then the snake maintaining that direction until switched back again? I'd be curious how that feels. 4/ It's much easier to pick up the food from some places than from others, e.g. if something's in the corner, it's much more difficult to reach without colliding immediately afterwards. Perhaps it would be an interesting dynamic if each piece would disappear after a certain time and respawned somewhere else? Or if each type of food would have different values and you would evaluate how difficult the spot is when spawning and place the more valuable food in the more difficult locations? Either way, it was great fun, so thanks, and well done 🍉